1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* is an expression.
'hello' is a string.
-87.8 is an floating integer.
- is an expression.
/ is an expression.
+	is an expression.
6 in an integer.

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Answer: A string is has constant value but a variable as its name suggests can have multiple values via assignments.
3. Describe three different data types.
Answer: String: It can hold any type of text value inside “ ” or ‘ ’ marks.
List: It can hold multiple data types inside [ ].
Dictionary: It can hold dataset in key:value format. Here, the key can be any immutable datatype i.e., integer, string or tuple while the value can be mutable or immutable datatype.
4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Answer: An expression can be made up of different combination of datatype or operators or built_in/user_defined functions and returns a value. Individually, an expression perform the task as per the given command and pass on the cursor to the next one.
5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Answer: Difference between an expression and statement is that an expression returns a value or an error while a statement doesn’t return a value every time. A statement can be used to convey the message and it can include an expression inside in it.
Hence, all expressions are statement but not all statements are expressions.
6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Answer: The variable bacon contains 23.
7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3 = ‘spamspamspam’
Answer: Outcome of both the values will be ‘spamspamspam’
8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Answer: A variable name cannot start with an integer, hence 100 is an invalid variable and eggs is a valid variable.
9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
Answer: int(value) to get integer. Float(value) to get float-point number. Str(value) to get string.
10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
Answer: This expression can cause error because here we are trying to concatenate integer value with a string value. This error can be removed by putting 99 in a double/single quotation marks. By doing this, integer 99 will be converted to string of value ‘99’ and the outcome will be as follows: ‘I have eaten 99 burritos.’


